#118 PoC for doc structure (#128)
Arriven/db1000n: docs/advanced-users-and-devs.md

# For advanced users and developers

## For developers

*Developed by Arriven: (https://github.com/Arriven)*

This is a simple distributed load generation client written in go.
It is able to fetch simple json config from a local or remote location.
The config describes which load generation jobs should be launched in parallel.

> I do not intend to copy or replace it but rather provide a simple open source option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are other tools doing that. I do not intend to copy or replace them but rather provide a simple open source alternative so that users have more options
```
This was a leftover line from the time when it was just an idea inspired by disbalancer.com, this wording is probably better considering current situation
